1 )-Files that has been deleted from local , we can get back those from remote repo

Ans-  git checkout HEAD .

2)- Differnce between parameter and arguments .
 Para- The parameters are the variables that we can define in the function declaration
 arg- The arguments are the variables given to the function for execution
  
  def fun(a,b) a and b are parameter
  fun(1,2) , 1 and 2 are arguments

3)-Scope: A variable scope specifies the region where we can access a variable. 

4)-GLOBAL KEYBOARD
 the global keyword allows us to modify the variable outside of the current scope.

It is used to create a global variable and make changes to the variable in a local context.

5)- What is blockchain?
Blockchain is an immutable, distributed, decentralized; peer-to-peer ledger 
replicated across multiple nodes connected in a network, making it possible to record
data about any event or transaction as it happens. It consists of blocks in a chain 
used to record as digital assets using a secure algorithm.

6)- What is YAML ?
YAML is a human-readable data-serialization language. It is commonly used for
configuration files and in applications where data is being stored or transmitted.
YAML targets many of the same communications applications as Extensible Markup 
Language (XML) but has a minimal syntax which intentionally differs from SGML
(Standard Generalized Markup Language) .
It uses both Python-style indentation to indicate nesting, and a more compact 
format that uses [...] for lists and {...} for maps[1] thus JSON files are valid
YAML.

7)Differnce between reverse and reverse_lazy ?
difference:
reverse() use in funcation & reverse_lazy() use in class.
reverse() use in string & reverse_lazy() use in object

8)What is difference between put and PATCH in rest?
The main difference between PUT and PATCH in REST API is that PUT handles updates by replacing the entire entity, while PATCH only updates the fields that you give it. If you use the PUT method, the entire entity will get updated. In most REST APIs, this means it will overwrite any missing fields to null.

9) - Converting django model data to csv:
  writer.writerow([getattr(obj, field, None) for field in field_names])
